Vertex AI Experiment Tracker Integration (#3260)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/component-guide/experiment-trackers/vertexai.md

Reviewer: This is great - but just as a small wish I'd love to see a screenshot of how it looks like on Vertex just to show it to users. 

Also there is nothing about Tensorboard, and I know that that is a parameter in the implementation. Should that maybe stand out a bit as a special case?

Author: I've added 2 examples:
1. **Logging Metrics Using Built-in Methods** This example works well.
2. **Uploading TensorBoard Logs** This example is an interesting use case as it allows uploading TensorBoard logs. However, there are several technical challenges to address, and I’d like your advice on how best to resolve them:
    1. **Accessing Experiment and Run Names** The `start_upload_tb_log` method requires experiment and run names, which are set at runtime.
        * [Code Reference 1](https://github.com/nkhusainov/zenml/blob/dd03e92f3fe87f0c348e8156724503eea8fbbb57/src/zenml/integrations/gcp/experiment_trackers/vertex_experiment_tracker.py#L10)
        * [Code Reference 2](https://github.com/nkhusainov/zenml/blob/dd03e92f3fe87f0c348e8156724503eea8fbbb57/src/zenml/integrations/gcp/experiment_trackers/vertex_experiment_tracker.py#L113)
    Question: What is the best way to access these variables? One option is to set them as object attributes during prepare_step_run, but this approach feels suboptimal. Are there cleaner alternatives?
    2. **Handling Credentials Currently**, there is no way to pass credentials explicitly to the start_upload_tb_log method. It relies on GCP default credentials, which are environment-dependent. Question: What would be a better approach to manage credentials for this method?

Reviewer: Hmm good questions. I'm also not sure - probably the best way right now is to set them in the experiment tracker class and then fetch them using client.active_stack.experiment_tracker.XYZ... 

In case of credentials, one could leverage service connectors, but I think its a safe assumption that the vertex execution role has the required credentials .. so i'd leave that be for now

Author: Done

> **Note**: Regardless of your chosen authentication method, you must grant your account the necessary roles to use Vertex AI Experiment Tracking.
> * `roles/aiplatform.user` role on your project, which allows you to create, manage, and track your experiments within Vertex AI.
> * `roles/storage.objectAdmin` role on your GCS bucket, granting the ability to read and write experiment artifacts, such as models and datasets, to the storage bucket.

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Implicit Authentication" %}
This configuration method assumes that you have authenticated locally to GCP using the [`gcloud` CLI](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud) (e.g., by running gcloud auth login).

> **Note**: This method is quick for local setups but is unsuitable for team collaborations or production environments due to its lack of portability.

> We can then register the orchestrator as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can then register the experiment tracker as follows:
```

* you can combine the Vertex AI Experiment Tracker with other stack components that are not running in GCP

For this method, you need to [create a user-managed GCP service account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts-create) and then [create a service account key](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/keys-create-delete#creating).

With the service account key downloaded to a local file, you can register a ZenML secret and reference it in the Vertex AI Experiment Tracker configuration as follows:

```shell
# Register the Vertex AI Experiment Tracker and reference the ZenML secret
zenml experiment-tracker register <EXPERIMENT_TRACKER_NAME> \
    --flavor=vertex \
    --project=<GCP_PROJECT_ID> \
    --location=<GCP_LOCATION> \
    --staging_bucket=gs://<GCS_BUCKET-NAME> \
    --service_account_path=path/to/service_account_key.json

# Register and set a stack with the new experiment tracker
zenml experiment-tracker connect <EXPERIMENT_TRACKER_NAME> --connector <CONNECTOR_NAME>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
